Q: Structure Of NU Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Structure Of NU Why NU

Q: Message Of Vice Rector Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Message Of Vice Rector Congratulations on your decision to enroll with Norton University

Q: Internationalization Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Internationalization A long-term goal of NU is to be accepted in the international community of universities

Q: Government Recognition Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Government Recognition Norton University was formally founded as a university by sub-decree on September 18, 1997 and a further sub-decree of July 25, 2000 approved its reformation, giving it the “right and privileges” to open faculties, departments, and conduct postgraduate a

Q: Library and Facility Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Library and Facility Physical Plan The campus in the downtown part of Phnom Penh consists of five buildings with 92 rooms, including 67 classrooms (19 rooms equipped with LCD), and 25 offices

Q: Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Why NU

Q: និស្សិតន័រតុនចូលរួមប្រកួតប្រជែង ក្នុងកម្មវិធី CAMEL’s Future Engineer Program  ដែលរៀបចំដោយក្រុមហ៊ុនផលិតស៊ីម៉ង៍ ជីប ម៉ុង អុិនស៊ី ស៊ីមេន
A: September 25, 2024 2:40 AM

Q: កិច្ចសម្ភាសន៍របស់លោកស្រីបណ្ឌិត សូ សុគន្ធារី ប្រធានកិត្តិយសផ្នែកស្ថាបត្យកម្ម និងជាក្រុមប្រឹក្សានៃសមាគមស្ថាបត្យករកម្ពុជា ជាមួយលោក Bernard Sagaiyaraj គ្រូបង្គោលជំនាញស្ថាបត្យកម្មអគារបៃតង មកពីប្រទេសម៉ាឡេស៊ី អំពីគោលបំណងនៃការនាំមកនូវការបណ្តុះបណ្តាល«វគ្គណែនាំនៃស្ថាបត្យកម្មអគារបៃតង» ជូនដល់និស្សិតផ្នែកស្ថាបត្យកម្មនៅកម្ពុជា។
A: July 20, 2023 10:51 AM

Q: Campus Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Campus The campus in the downtown part of Phnom Penh consists of five buildings with 92 rooms, including 67 classrooms (19 rooms equipped with LCD), and 25 offices

Q: Contact Us Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Contact Us Contact Us General Information Mobile : 093 888 569 / 093 888 359 Tel : 023 982 177 Email : [email protected] Admin and Personnel Tel: 070 231 331 Email: [email protected] Address St

Q: Mission Vision and Goal Home About us About us About us Message Of Vice Rector Why NU?
A: Structure Of NU Mission Vision and Goal Internationalization Government Recognition Library and Facility Campus Contact Us Home About us Mission Vision and Goal អំពីសាកលវិទ្យាល័យ ន័រតុន គឺជាសាកលវិទ្យាល័យឯកជនដំបូងគេបំផុតនៅក្នុង ព្រះរាជាណាចក្រកម្ពុជា។ សាកលវិទ្យាល័យនេះ បានចាប់បដិសន្ធិឡើងដើម្បី ចូលរួមជាមួយរាជរដ្ឋាភិបាល ក្នុងការផ្តល់ នូវការបណ្តុះបណ្តាល ថ្នាក់ឧត្តមសិក្សាដល់សិស្ស និស្សិត ដែលមាន សមត្ថភាព និងមានបំណងពង្

Q: Question
A: Answer

Q: What is the name of the university?
A: Norton University (NU).

Q: What is Norton University's native name?
A: សាកលវិទ្យាល័យន័រតុន.

Q: What is Norton University's motto?
A: អភិវឌ្ឍន៍អនាគតអ្នកដឹកនាំ (Educating Tomorrow’s Leaders).

Q: When was Norton University established?
A: Norton University was founded in 1996.

Q: What type of institution is Norton University?
A: It is a private university, one of the first in Cambodia.

Q: Where is Norton University located?
A: It is located in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, on Keo Chenda Street.

Q: Who is the Rector of Norton University?
A: Prof. Chan Sok Khieng.

Q: Who is the Vice Rector of Norton University?
A: Prof. Ung Vann Thouen.

Q: What is Norton University's mascot?
A: The Lion.

Q: What is Norton University's nickname?
A: NU.

Q: What is Norton University's official website?
A: https://www.norton-u.com

Q: What are the academic divisions of Norton University?
A: Foundation Studies, College of Sciences, College of Social Sciences, College of Arts, Humanities and Languages, Faculty of Health Sciences, Graduate School.

Q: What graduate programs does Norton University offer?
A: One example is the Master in English and Education (MEE).

Q: How many credits are required for the Master in English and Education?
A: 54 total credits: 42 coursework + 12 thesis (or research report).

Q: What are the undergraduate admission requirements?
A: High school certificate, transcript, application form, photos, and entrance test.

Q: What extra requirements exist for local undergraduate applicants?
A: Original BACC II certificate, transcript, photos, completed form, entrance test.

Q: What are the admission requirements for foreign students?
A: High school diploma with translation, passport, photos, transcript, English test, medical certificate, application fee.

Q: What are the graduate admission requirements?
A: Bachelor’s degree, English proficiency, 2 years work experience, entrance exam.

Q: Does Norton University have a student portal?
A: Yes, the 'My NU' student portal.

Q: Does Norton University have a staff portal?
A: Yes, the NU Online Management System for staff.

Q: How can staff reset their passwords?
A: Through the NU staff portal.

Q: Does Norton University have a blog?
A: Yes, the Norton Blog (NTB) shares news and events.

Q: What events has Norton University participated in?
A: ARCHIMEDES 2025 in Moscow, CAMEL Future Engineer program, study trip to Mondulkiri, career guidance workshops.

Q: What publications does Norton University release?
A: Master Brochure, NU Newsletter, Norton Tech News.

Q: What is Norton University's contact phone number?
A: 023 432 075, or mobile 093 888 569 / 093 888 359.

Q: What is the Graduate School's contact?
A: Mobile/Telegram: 010 980 527; Tel: 023 982 177, Ext.106.

Q: What is the Admin & Personnel contact?
A: Mobile: 070 231 331; Email: admin@norton-u.com.

Q: What is Norton University's general email?
A: info@norton-u.com.

Q: What is Norton University's address?
A: St. Keo Chenda, Sangkat Chroy Changvar, Khan Chroy Changvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.

Q: What recognition has Norton University received?
A: In 2010, awarded Best IT Education Center in Cambodia by NiDA, MPTC, and IDG.

Q: hello
A: welcome

Q: hi
A: hello

